Update to github actions and use test-containers for mock server. (#87)
GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-java: README.md

This project requires a mock server for Google Cloud APIs.  To build and test, do the following:

```
$ ./gradlew test
```

Note: This project uses [Test Containers](http://testcontainers.org), which requires

> docker to be runnable locally by the current users.  Please verify `docker busybox echo hello` works, and if not configure your local docker before building.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker to be runnable locally by the current users.  Please verify `docker run hello-world` works, and if not configure your local docker before building.
```
Either this, or `docker run -it --rm busybox echo hello` if you prefer terse output.

Reviewer 2: I would +1 adding `--rm`
